<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:ops="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xml:lang="en">
<head>
  <title>Prelude</title>
  <link href="css/style.css" type="text/css" rel="stylesheet" />
</head>
<body>

<div class="poetry">
<div class="stanza">
<p>Child of the pure unclouded brow</p>
<p class="indented">And dreaming eyes of wonder!</p>
<p>Though time be fleet, and I and thou</p>
<p class="indented">Are half a life asunder,</p>
<p>Thy loving smile will surely hail</p>
<p>The love-gift of a fairy-tale.</p>
</div>

<div class="stanza">
<p>I have not seen thy sunny face,</p>
<p class="indented">Nor heard thy silver laughter;</p>
<p>No thought of me shall find a place</p>
<p class="indented">In thy young life&#8217;s hereafter&mdash;</p>
<p>Enough that now thou wilt not fail</p>
<p>To listen to my fairy-tale.</p>
</div>

<div class="stanza">
<p>A tale begun in other days,</p>
<p class="indented">When summer suns were glowing&mdash;</p>
<p>A simple chime, that served to time</p>
<p class="indented">The rhythm of our rowing&mdash;</p>
<p>Whose echoes live in memory yet,</p>
<p>Though envious years would say &lsquo;forget.&rsquo;</p>
</div>

<div class="stanza">
<p>Come, hearken then, ere voice of dread,</p>
<p class="indented">With bitter tidings laden,</p>
<p>Shall summon to unwelcome bed</p>
<p class="indented">A melancholy maiden!</p>
<p>We are but older children, dear,</p>
<p>Who fret to find our bedtime near.</p>
</div>

<div class="stanza">
<p>Without, the frost, the blinding snow,</p>
<p class="indented">The storm-wind&#8217;s moody madness&mdash;</p>
<p>Within, the firelight&#8217;s ruddy glow,</p>
<p class="indented">And childhood&#8217;s nest of gladness.</p>
<p>The magic words shall hold thee fast:</p>
<p>Thou shalt not heed the raving blast.</p>
</div>

<div class="stanza">
<p>And though the shadow of a sigh</p>
<p class="indented">May tremble through the story,</p>
<p>For &lsquo;happy summer days&rsquo; gone by,</p>
<p class="indented">And vanish&#8217;d summer glory&mdash;</p>
<p>It shall not touch with breath of bale</p>
<p>The pleasance of our fairy-tale.</p>
</div>
</div>

</body>
</html>
